PBTS: additions and fixes on migrated spec (#2013)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/consensus/proposer-based-timestamp/README.md

	cannot be earlier than the `Time` field of that block;

- The timestamp of a block is deterministically computed from the timestamps of
a set of `Precommit` messages that certify the commit of the previous block.
This certificate, a set of `Precommit` messages from a round of the previous height,
is selected by the block's proposer and stored in the `Commit` field of the block:

    - The block timestamp is the *median* of the timestamps of the `Precommit` messages
	included in the `Commit` field, weighted by their voting power.
	Block timestamps are **monotonic** because
	timestamps of valid `Precommit` messages are monotonic;

Assuming that the voting power controlled by Byzantine validators is bounded by `f`,
the cumulative voting power of any valid `Commit` set must be at least `2f+1`.
As a result, the timestamp computed by `BFT Time` is not influenced by Byzantine validators,
as the weighted median of `Commit` timestamps comes from the clock of a non-faulty validator.

The consensus algorithm does not make any assumptions regarding the clocks of (correct) validators,
as block timestamps have no impact in its operation.

> However, the `Time` field of committed blocks is used by other components of CometBFT,
> such as IBC, the evidence, staking, and slashing modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the `Time` field of committed blocks is used by other applications that integrate with CometBFT,
including IBC, as well as Cosmos SDK modules such as evidence, staking, and slashing.
```

This assumption is restricted to `Proposal` messages, broadcast by proposers.

`PRECISION` and `MSGDELAY` are consensus parameters, shared by all validators,
that define whether the timestamp of a block is acceptable.
Let `t` be the time, read from its local clock, at which a validator
receives, for the first time, a proposal with timestamp `ts`:
that define whether the timestamp of a block is acceptable,
according with the introduced `timely` predicate.

- **[Time-Validity]** The proposed timestamp `ts` received at local time `t`
is accepted if it satisfies the **timely** predicate:
	> `ts - PRECISION <= t <= ts + MSGDELAY + PRECISION`
In short, let `proposalReceiveTime` be the time, read from its local clock, at
which a validator receives a proposal for a `block` with timestamp `block.time`.
The proposed timestamp `block.time` can be accepted if

The left inequality of the *timely* predicate establishes that proposed timestamps
should be in the past, when adjusted by the clocks `PRECISION`.
The right inequality of the *timely* predicate establishes that proposed timestamps
should not be too much in the past, more precisely, not more than `MSGDELAY` in the past,

> when adjusted by the clocks `PRECISION`.

Author: This paragraph was removed since the same reasoning is presented in the system model (and it belongs there).

    - To preserve monotonicity, a proposer might need to wait until its clock
	reads a time greater than the timestamp of the previous block;

- A validator only prevotes for *timely* blocks,
that is, blocks whose timestamps are considered *timely* (compared to the original Tendermint consensus, a check is added to line 23).
If the block proposed in a round is considered *untimely*,
the validator prevotes `nil` (line 26):
- A validator only prevotes for a block if its timestamp is considered `timely`
(compared to the original algorithm, a check is added to line 23).
Otherwise, the validator prevotes `nil` (line 26):

    - Validators register the time at which they received `Proposal` messages,
	in order to evaluate the *timely* predicate;
	in order to evaluate the `timely` predicate;

    - Blocks that are re-proposed because they received `2f+1 Prevotes`
	in a previous round (line 28) are not subject to the *timely* predicate,
	as they have already been evaluated as *timely* at a previous round.

> The more complex change proposed regards blocks that can be re-proposed in multiple rounds.

Author: No need, in my opinion, to refer here to the previous draft.
